DOCS-2321: Document fleet dashboard on manage fleet page (#3631)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/how-tos/manage-fleet.md

{{% tablestep link="/cloud/locations/" %}}
**2. Create locations**

1. Click **FLEET** in the upper-left corner of the page and click **LOCATIONS**.
   A new location called `First Location` is automatically generated for you.

>    Use the **...** menu next to edit the location name to what it represents for your use case.

Author: did this bc it automatically takes you to it, not sure if new change

>    Use the **...** menu next to edit the location name to what it represents for your use case.

Reviewer: Can't parse whether the `next` means `next to` or `use next` - but it makes sense without I think
```suggestion
   Use the **...** menu to edit the location name to what it represents for your use case.
```

## Monitoring and debugging

Viam allows you to view all machines from a dashboard and access each machine, check its logs, check recent changes, and roll back changes if needed.

{{< table >}}
{{% tablestep %}}

> **1. Monitor your fleet's synced data and part status**

Reviewer: Order is different on the screenshot
```suggestion
**1. Monitor your fleet's parts statuses and synced data**
```

> You can monitor the amount of binary and tabular data your fleet has synced in the last 48 hours from the Viam app's **FLEET** tab's [**DASHBOARD** subtab](https://app.viam.com/fleet/dashboard).
> You can also monitor the number of parts online, offline, and awaiting setup on this dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor the number of parts online, offline, and awaiting setup on this dashboard.
You can also monitor the amount of binary and tabular data your fleet has synced in the last 48 hours from the Viam app's **FLEET** tab's [**DASHBOARD** subtab](https://app.viam.com/fleet/dashboard).
```

Author: sorry, why this change? we don't explain what "this dashboard" is until the second sentence so it makes sense for it to come first

Author: @npentrel just want to check and make sure you're ok with the original phrasing before I merge this

Reviewer: The same reason I flipped the title for this section. That's not the order the information appears on the page. 

Is there a reason why you're putting the binary and tabular data amounts first? 

```suggestion
You can monitor the number of parts online, offline, and awaiting setup from the Viam app's **FLEET** tab's [**DASHBOARD** subtab](https://app.viam.com/fleet/dashboard).
You can also monitor the amount of binary and tabular data your fleet has synced in the last 48 hours on this dashboard.
```

Author: Ahh yes that makes sense. I was just thinking that the data views are the main feature of the page so it made sense to say so first but happy with this suggestion. thanks!

{{<imgproc src="how-tos/manage-fleet/dashboard.png" resize="500x" declaredimensions=true alt="Fleet dashboard">}}

> For a table of data about each machine part, including **Location**, **Status**, **Architecture**, and more, view the **FLEET** tab's [**ALL MACHINES DASHBOARD** subtab](https://app.viam.com/fleet/machines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view data at the machine part level, including **Location**, **Status**, **Architecture**, and more, go to the **FLEET** tab's [**ALL MACHINES DASHBOARD** subtab](https://app.viam.com/fleet/machines).
```

Author: Good suggestion!
